[THINKING]
JUST LOOK AT THEM!
PATHETIC SLIFERS LITTERING
THE CAMPUS LIKE VERMIN!
THE HALLOWED HALLS
OF MY DUEL ACADEMY
ARE FOR THE ELITE;
NOT THE LAME!
NOT JADEN YUKI!
THAT SLIFER SLACKER'S MADE
A FOOL OF ME LONG ENOUGH!
UH-OH!
HA HA HA!
BUT SOON HE WILL PAY
MOST DEARLY FOR IT!
SOON, WITH WHAT I HAVE PLANNED,
HE WILL BE THE FOOL!
Chazz: DR.CROWLER!
HUH?
AH, CHAZZ, HOW MAY I
BE OF SERVICE?
YOU CAN PUT
ME IN THAT TAG
TEAM DUEL
AGAINST JADEN
AND SYRUS,
THAT'S HOW.
YOU?
THAT'S RIGHT,
THIS TIME I KNOW
I CAN BEAT HIM
AND SEND HIM
PACKING!
SORRY, BUT YOU'LL BE
SITTING THIS DUEL
OUT, CHAZZ.
HUH?
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
YOUR SKILLS ARE ADMIRABLE,
BUT I'M AFRAID I'M
NOT TAKING ANY CHANCES
ON THIS ONE!
IF JADEN LOSES HERE,
HE'LL BE EXPELLED
FROM THE DUEL ACADEMY
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
WHICH IS WHY
HE'LL BE FACING...
THE GREATEST TAG DUELISTS
IN THE WORLD!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
HOW CAN YOU GUYS BE
SO CALM?
HA! WHAT'S NOT TO BE
CALM ABOUT?
IT'S JUST 'NOTHER DUEL,
'NOTHER DAY, NO PROBLEM!
RIGHT, SY?
BUT, DUH, JADEN--
IT'S NOT JUST ANOTHER DUEL!
IT'S A TAG DUEL,
AND IF YOU LOSE IT,
YOU'LL BE ON THE NEXT
BUS OUTTA HERE!
HELLO, CHUMLEY!
THAT'S TOTALLY
WHY WE'RE NOT
GONNA LOSE!
AND, UH, CHUMLEY,
WE'RE ON AN ISLAND.
BUS?!
WHATEV...
YA STILL OUGHTA GIVE
ME YOUR MEAL CARDS
JUST IN CASE.
THANKS FOR
THE VOTE
A' CONFIDENCE.
WELL, SOMEONE'S
GOTTA EAT
YOUR GRILLED CHEESES
IF YOU GO!
[THINKING]
CHUMLEY MAY
HAVE A POINT.
THE LAST TIME I DUELED,
I WAS AWFUL!
JUST LIKE MY BIG BROTHER
ALWAYS TOLD ME I WAS.
IF WE'RE GONNA WIN THIS,
I'M JUST GONNA HAVE TO DO
BETTER AND NOT LET
ANYTHING GET IN MY HEAD!
ESPECIALLY ZANE.
AFTER ALL,
THE LAST TIME
I LET HIM GET TO ME,
JADEN REALLY
LET ME HAVE IT!
SY, THAT'S YOUR
BROTHER TALKIN'!
COME ON, PAL!
YA GOTTA BELIEVE
IN YOURSELF!
[THINKING]
BELIEVE IN MYSELF.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
I'M GOING TO DO!
BELIEVE IN MYSELF!
I BELIEVE
IN MYSELF, JADEN!
HEY, UH, THAT'S GREAT.
WELL, GOOD LUCK GUYS,
I REALLY WANT YOU
TO WIN THE MATCH!
MORE THAN YOU WANT
THE GRILLED CHEESES?
I'D RATHER HAVE YOU
AS FRIENDS
THAN EXTRA
GRILLED CHEESES.
I THINK I MIGHT
JUST CRY!
SEE YA SOON! HA!
[THINKING]
YEAH...I HOPE SO.
Arena master:
THE TAG DUEL WILL BEGIN
IN JUST A FEW MOMENTS.
AND REMEMBER:
THESE ARE TEST CONDITIONS!
THIS IS
A SUDDEN-EXPULSION MATCH!
A TAD HARSH, I'D SAY.
Alexis: NO JOKE.
HUH?
YOU'RE
BASTION MISAWA,
A FRIEND
OF JADEN'S, RIGHT?
I SUPPOSE YOU
COULD SAY THAT.
AND YOU'RE
ALEXIS RHODES, YES?
YEAH, I'M ALSO WHY
THEY'RE IN THIS MESS.
THEY WERE HELPING ME
AT THAT ABANDONED DORM.
I SEE.
BUT NOW,
IF THERE'S ANYONE
IN NEED OF HELP,
IT'S THEM.
HAVE YOU HEARD?
RUMOR IS CROWLER ARRANGED
FOR PROFESSIONALS
TO DUEL THEM.
TAG TEAM LEGENDS!
DUELISTS THAT WORKED
WITH THE CREATOR
OF DUEL MONSTERS HIMSELF!
Arena master:
SEND IN THE ACCUSED!
SYRUS TRUESDALE
AND JADEN YUKI!
[BOOM]
WHOA, THE ACOUSTICS
IN HERE ARE GREAT!
YEAH, YA THINK
MAYBE THEY'D COUNT
YOUR ECHO AS
YOUR TAG PARTNER?
FOR THE LAST TIME,
YOU'RE MY PARTNER!
DOESN'T HURT TO ASK THOUGH!
YOU SLIFER SLACKERS!
IT SHOULD BE ME
TAKING YOU OUT,
BUT I GUESS AS LONG
AS SOMEONE DOES IT.
HEY, LOOK! CHUMLEY
MADE IT HERE!
JUST BARELY.
I THOUGHT RUNNING...
WAS HEALTHY!
HA HA!
[THINKING]
WELL, LITTLE BROTHER,
TIME TO SEE IF YOU
BELONG HERE...
OR ON THE NEXT
PLANE OUTTA HERE.
[THINKING]
ZANE!
GOTTA BELIEVE IN MYSELF,
GOTTA BELIEVE IN MYSELF...
NOW, WITHOUT FURTHER ADO,
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
OUR GUEST
TAG TEAM DUO...
[GASPING]
Both: WHAT IS THIS?!
Crowler:
THE PARADOX BROTHERS!
SALUTATIONS,
YOU FOOLS!
HOPE YOU'RE READY
TO DUEL!
I'VE NEVER HEARD
'A THESE GUYS.
ME NEITHER--
MAYBE THIS TAG MATCH
WON'T BE SO BAD.
PERHAPS, AFTER ALL...
THEY HAVEN'T DUELED
IN AGES
AND THEIR LAST OPPONENT
WAS A CHILD!
I BELIEVE HE WENT
BY THE NAME YUGI-SOMETHING.
THE KING OF GAMES?!
I'VE STUDIED
THESE GUYS!
THEY'RE SOME KIND
OF DUELING
MERCENARIES,
NOT TO MENTION
THE BEST
TAG DUELISTS
IN THE WORLD!
THIS IS HARDLY FAIR!
I THINK THAT WAS
CROWLER'S POINT.
STATISTICALLY SPEAKING,
I'D PUT JADEN'S ODDS
AT WINNING THIS
TO BE ONE IN FIFTY.
HEH HEH HEH!
HEY, CHUMP-LEY,
LOOKS LIKE YOUR
GOING TO HAVE
A WHOLE LOT MORE ROOM
IN YOUR DORM NOW.
YOUR FRIENDS ARE TOAST!
AW, NOT LISHUS.
ENOUGH WITH
THE PLEASANTRIES...
AND NOW ON
WITH THE DUEL!
WE DIDN'T COME HERE
TO TALK...
WE CAME...
TO DESTROY YOU!
HA HA HA!
CROWLER! DON'T YOU THINK
THIS IS A BIT MUCH?!
NO, NOT AT ALL!
JADEN AND SYRUS BROKE
A BIG TIME RULE
SO THEY SHOULD FACE
BIG TIME OPPONENTS!
BESIDES, WE CAN'T
SEND THE BROTHERS
BACK NOW,
THEY'VE COME SO FAR!
WHAT'S THAT MATTER?
YOU'RE PAYING
THEIR TRAVEL COSTS!
JADEN, I'LL LEAVE IT
UP TO YOU, SON.
AW, THESE GUYS
COULDN'T EVEN BEAT
MALE PATTERN
BALDNESS,
SO THERE'S NO WAY
THEY'RE GONNA BE
ABLE TO BEAT US!
HA HA HA!
OH, HOW
WONDERFULLY CLEVER.
DUELISTS,
PREPARE TO BATTLE!
[CHEERING]
BREATHE, SY!
WE CAN DO THIS!
THE RULES FOR THIS
TAG TEAM DUEL
ARE REALLY QUITE SIMPLE.
THERE IS NO
SHARING OF STRATEGY.
NO SHARING OF ADVICE
AND NO SHARING
OF ANY CARD THAT IS
NOT YET IN PLAY.
BUT YOU MAY USE WHAT'S
ON YOUR PARTNER'S FIELD.
UNDERSTOOD?
All: YEAH!
THEN DUEL!
GET YOUR GAMES ON!
HERE GOES! HA!
FIRST
I'M GONNA SUMMON,
GYROID
IN ATTACK MODE!
YOU MUST BE JOKING!
I AM SURPRISED THAT THING
EVEN HAS AN ATTACK MODE!
THIS ON THE OTHER
HAND...JIRAI GUMO!
WHAT,
AN OVERGROWN BUG?
THAT'S NOTHIN' THAT
MY DECK CAN'T SQUASH!
ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX--
DEFENSE MODE!
YAAH!
THE BEST DEFENSE,
YOU FOOL...
IS A STRONG OFFENSE!
KAISER SEAHORSE--
ATTACK MODE!
[GROWLS]
[THINKING]
ALRIGHT,
IF I KNOW DUELING
LIKE I THINK
I KNOW DUELING,
THESE GUYS ARE SURE
TO ATTACK NEXT.
I CHOOSE TO PLAY
A SPELL CARD FROM MY HAND!
TRIBUTE DOLL!
TO ACTIVATE IT
I MUST SACRIFICE
ONE MONSTER
FROM OUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD.
GOOD THING MY BROTHER IS
SO GENEROUS WITH HIS.
FAREWELL,
JIRAI GUMO.
[SCREECHES]
NOW I AM ALLOWED
TO SUMMON A LEVEL 7
MONSTER THIS TURN!
AND I CHOOSE TO
SUMMON...KAZEJIN!
[GRUNTING]
HE SACRIFICED
HIS BROTHER'S MONSTER
TO SUMMON A BETTER ONE
FOR THE TEAM--
NOW THAT'S TAG DUELING.
WOULD YOU MIND
TRYING NOT TO SOUND
QUITE SO IMPRESSED
WITH THEM?
DO YOU TWO ACTUALLY
THINK YOU KNOW ANYTHING
OF THIS GAME?
YOU'RE LOSERS,
YOU'RE JOKES!
IN OTHER WORDS
YOU'RE LAME!
AND IF THEY THINK
THIS IS STARTING
TO GET GRUELING...
WAIT 'TIL I DRAW
AND GIVE THEM
A TRUE SCHOOLING!
I PLAY
DARK DESIGNATOR!
THIS POWERFUL
SPELL CARD ALLOWS ME
TO CALL OUT
ANY MONSTER
THAT I
CAN THINK OF...
AND IF IT'S ANYWHERE
IN MY BROTHER'S DECK,
IT'S ADDED IMMEDIATELY
TO HIS HAND.
NOW LET ME SEE HERE...
SANGA OF THE THUNDER?!
HA HA HA!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW!
IT'S RIGHT HERE READY
TO TEAR THEM ASUNDER!
[THINKING]
YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME.
ANOTHER LEVEL SEVEN
MONSTER?!
THE DUEL'S
JUST STARTED...
AND YET
IT IS ALMOST DONE!
FOR YOUR DEMISE
HAS ALREADY BEGUN!
[GASPS]
DON'T WORRY, SY!
THEY'RE ONLY
SAYIN' THAT
CUZ IT MAKES
FOR AN EASY RHYME!
[THINKING]
NOW, I JUST HOPE
WE DON'T MAKE
FOR AN EASY MATCH!
Jaden, thinking:
OK, MONSTER ROLL CALL.
I GOT MY BURSTINATRIX
CHILLIN' IN DEFENSE MODE,
AND SY'S GOT...
WELL, HE'S GOT HIS
LITTLE HELICOPTER THING.
NOT BAD, BUT NOT GOOD
WHEN WE'RE STARIN' DOWN
AT SOME SERIOUS OPPOSITION...
INCLUDING
SOME LEVEL 7 GREEN THING
I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE!
WHADAYA THINK, JADEN?
IF WE JUST QUIT
RIGHT NOW,
WE'LL HAVE SOME
EXTRA TIME TO PACK UP
ALL OF OUR STUFF,
SO, UH...SHALL WE?
THE ONLY THING
WE'RE PACKIN'
IS SOME SERIOUS
DUELIN' PUNCH!
I'M TELLIN' YA,
WE'LL BEAT THESE GUYS, SY!
YOU KNOW WHAT, JADEN?
YOU'RE RIGHT!
[THINKING]
WE ARE WE ARE PACKING
SOME SERIOUS DUELING PUNCH!
NOT ONLY AM I GONNA SHOW
THE PARADOX BROTHERS,
BUT I'M GONNA SHOW
MY BROTHER AS WELL!
AND I'M GONNA DO IT
RIGHT HERE,
RIGHT NOW ON THIS TURN!
ALL ABOARD! HA!
I SUMMON STEAMROID
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND I ALSO PLAY THIS!
POLYMERIZATION!
CHECK IT OUT!
I'M TAKING MY GYROID
AND STEAMROID
AND FUSING THEM TOGETHER
TO CREATE THE ULTIMATE
ENGINE THAT COULD...
STEAM GYROID!
NOW, THAT'S LOCOMOTION!
SEE, YOU GUYS MADE A MISTAKE
IN ALL THAT TEAMWORK!
WHEN YOU SACRIFICED
JIRAI GUMO,
YOU LEFT YOUR BROTHER
COMPLETELY DEFENSELESS,
LEAVING THE DOOR
WIDE OPEN FOR AN ATTACK!
UH, SY?
AND NOW I'M COMING IN!
STEAM GYROID, ATTACK PARA!
HUH? AN ATTACK?!
GOT THAT RIGHT!
HA HA HA!
[CHUCKLING]
IF YOU PLEASE, BROTHER.
IT'D BE MY PLEASURE,
INDEED, BROTHER!
KAZEJIN, DEFEND WITH
SQUALL BARRICADE.
HUH?
OUR MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
DO YOU LIKE?
IT REDUCES YOUR DAMAGE
TO ZERO WITHOUT
EVEN A FIGHT!
SO I GOOFED?
HEH HEH HEH.
DO THESE TWO ACTUALLY THINK
THEY HAVE A CHANCE
OF BEATING PARA AND DOX?
THEY STINK WORSE
THAN DIRTY SOCKS! HA!
NOW THEY HAVE
EVEN ME DOING IT!
HOO HOO HA HA!
FORGET IT, SY.
NO BIGGIE.
YEAH, RIGHT.
HEY, I'M SERIOUS, PAL!
JUST KEEP GOIN'!
ALL RIGHTY, THEN...
I PLAY ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
AT LAST, A SMART MOVE!
MY DRAW!
I PLAY MONSTER REBORN!
AND BRING BACK
THE FRIGHTFUL...JIRAI GUMO!
[ROARS]
AND I'LL ALSO ACTIVATE
ANOTHER SPELL CARD!
TRIBUTE DOLL!
NOT AGAIN!
YES, AGAIN, AND AGAIN
I WILL USE IT
TO SACRIFICE JIRAI
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON
YET ANOTHER
LEVEL 7 MONSTER--
SUIJIN!
[GASP]
HMM...
AND I AM NOT DONE YET.
MIND IF I BORROW
A MONSTER, BROTHER?
PLEASE, THAT'S WHY
HE'S THERE!
I SACRIFICE
KAISER SEAHORSE!
IN CASE YOU
DID NOT KNOW,
WHEN YOU ARE SUMMONING
A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER,
KAISER SEAHORSE'S
SACRIFICE COUNTS
AS TWO INSTEAD OF ONE,
WHICH MEANS I AM NOW
ABLE TO SUMMON SANGA
OF THE THUNDER!
[GASP]
NOW I'D PLACE THOSE ODDS
AT 500 TO 1.
WHAT ARE THE ODDS
OF YOU BEING QUIET?
UH...
Para: 3 MONSTERS ON OUR SIDE.
WHAT COULD BE BETTER?
Dox: I KNOW WHAT, BROTHER,
WHEN THEY COME TOGETHER!
PREPARE YOURSELVES!
I SACRIFICE SUIJIN, KAZEJIN,
AND SANGA OF THE THUNDER
SO THAT I CAN NOW SUMMON
THE ULTIMATE MONSTER--
GATE GUARDIAN!
GATE GUARDIAN?!
HE'S GI-NORMOUS!
JUST WAIT UNTIL
YOU SEE HIS ATTACK!
GO! DESTROY STEAM GYROID!
TIDAL SURGE ATTACK!
AAH!
THIS ISN'T A DUEL.
IT'S TARGET PRACTICE
FOR THE PARADOX BROTHERS,
AND SY'S THE BULL'S-EYE.
HE'S JUST MADE A FEW
BAD MOVES, THAT'S ALL.
HE'LL TURN THINGS
AROUND.
AT LEAST, I HOPE HE DOES.
JADEN'S GOOD,
BUT HE'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH
TO WIN THIS THING
BY HIMSELF.
I KNOW--IT HURTS!
AND THE BAD NEWS IS
IT ONLY GETS WORSE!
IF IT GETS AS BAD
AS THIS RHYMING,
THEN WE'LL BE
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE.
[THINKING]
THESE TWO ARE
DUELING PERFECTLY!
THEY KNOW JUST WHAT
TO DO AND ARE DOING IT!
AFTER ALL, IN A TAG DUEL,
ONCE YOU DESTROY
THE WEAKEST LINK,
THE WHOLE CHAIN
COMES CRUMBLING APART!
AND THEY'VE CERTAINLY
FOUND JUST THAT.
LITTLE SYRUS.
POOR LITTLE SYRUS!
HE WOULD BE THE WEAKEST LINK
ON A PLATE OF SAUSAGES!
HEH HEH HEH.
[THINKING]
AW, MAN.
I HOPE JADEN'S
GOT SOMETHIN' SPECIAL
IN THAT DECK 'A HIS,
OR THIS MATCH IS OVER
AND SO ARE OUR LIVES
AT THE ACADEMY!
WELL, THE BIGGER THEY ARE,
THE HARDER THEY FALL!
LET'S TAKE THIS THING DOWN!
Para: I CAN'T WAIT
TO SEE YOU TRY,
SO I WILL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN CARD.
THEN IT'S TIME
TO GO TO WORK!
HERE GOES...
SWEET!
HMM.
ALL RIGHT, YOU'RE GETTIN'
CALLED UP, BIG GUY!
FIRST, I'M GONNA SUMMON
THE ELEMENTAL HERO--CLAYMAN!
AND NEXT,
I PLAY POLYMERIZATION.
HA!
NOW I'LL FUSE THE CLAYMAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO CREATE THE ELEMENTAL HERO--
RAMPART BLASTER!
HE'S BAD!
YEAH, HE'S BAD,
BUT NOT AS BAD AS
THAT GATE GUARDIAN!
HE ONLY HAS 2,500
DEFENSE POINTS!
THAT GUARDIAN'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE 3,750!
BLASTER
WILL GET BLASTED!
DON'T SWEAT IT.
THAT'S WHAT HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY IS FOR, SY.
SEE, WHEN HE'S
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE RAMPART BLASTER
CAN ATTACK AN OPPONENT
DIRECTLY!
OUR LIFE POINTS!
NOW GO, RAMPART BLASTER!
BLAST 'EM
WITH RAMPART BARRAGE!
AAH!
SURE, IT'S ONLY HALF THE POINTS
YOU'D NORMALLY LOSE,
BUT HEY,
IT'S A SPECIAL EFFECT.
WHADAYA GONNA DO?
A LUCKY MOVE.
ALL RIGHT!
WE'RE BACK
IN THIS THING!
SY! WE WERE
NEVER OUT OF IT!
[THINKING]
YEAH! JADEN'S RIGHT.
WE CAN WIN THIS!
IT'S MY DRAW NOW!
I'M ACTIVATING
THE EQUIP SPELL CARD'S
FAIRY METEOR CRUSH,
AND I'M EQUIPPING IT
TO THE GATE GUARDIAN!
NOW WHEN THE GUARDIAN ATTACKS
A MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
HIS ATTACK POINTS
AND YOUR MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS
ARE DEALT STRAIGHT
TO YOUR LIFE POINTS!
NOT SO FAST!
YOU'RE FORGETTING
THAT I HAVE
A FACEDOWN CARD OUT!
I'M ACTIVATING
MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHOON!
IT DESTROYS ONE SPELL
OR TRAP CARD,
AND I'M GONNA USE IT
ON THE ONE THAT YOU
JUST PLAYED--
FAIRY METEOR CRUSH!
RIGHT INTO MY TRAP!
I ACTIVATE
JUDGMENT OF ANUBIS!
HUH?
FOOLISH BOY.
THIS LETS ME STOP
YOUR LITTLE SPELL
SIMPLY BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD.
YOUR TYPHOON
HAS JUST BEEN DOWNGRADED
TO A COOL SUMMER BREEZE.
OBSERVE!
BUT WAIT!
THAT'S NOT ALL IT DOES.
ANUBIS ALSO DESTROYS
ONE OF YOUR CREATURES.
Dox: AND THEN
ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE DEALT BACK TO YOU.
PRETTY COOL
SPECIAL FEATURE!
HMM.
I KNOW IT FEELS LIKE
WE HAVE YOUR BACKS
TO THE WALL,
BUT IN FACT,
THE WALL'S RIGHT
IN FRONT OF YOU!
I PLAY THIS
TO END MY TURN!
IT'S CALLED
DEFENSE WALL,
AND AS LONG AS
IT'S ON THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE,
ALL THE MONSTERS
YOU HAVE CAN ONLY
ATTACK HIM!
THE GATE GUARDIAN ON OFFENSE
AND THAT WALL ON DEFENSE?
ALMOST FLAWLESS.
I GET IT!
NOW ARE YOU GOING TO BE
QUIET, OR SHOULD I MOVE?
IT'S YOUR TURN.
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?
UH, TO BE HONEST, A MIRACLE.
UH...
I SUMMON CYCROID...
IN, UH, DEFENSE MODE!
[THINKING]
AW, JADEN'S
LOOKING AT ME.
I CAN FEEL IT.
I KNOW IT WAS
A WEAK MONSTER,
BUT IT WAS THE BEST
I COULD DO.
YOU SUMMON A BIKE?! HA!
WELL, IT'S IN
FOR A MAJOR FLAT!
GATE GUARDIAN!
TIDAL SURGE ATTACK!
AND DON'T FORGET THE EFFECTS
OF THE FAIRY METEOR CRASH
I HAVE HIM EQUIPPED FOR.
UHH! AAH!
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
MY ATTACK POINTS
AND YOUR DEFENSE POINTS
YOU TAKE AS DAMAGE!
OHH!
UHH!
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE FALLING!
YOUR GAME PLAY'S
APPALLING!
Both: THERE IS NOTHING
TO BE DONE EXCEPT GIVE UP
AND START BAWLING!
[LAUGHING]
Arena Master:
ATTENTION--JADEN YUKI.
IT IS YOUR TURN.
YOU MUST MAKE A MOVE,
OR YOU WILL BE DISQUALIFIED.